Update free-courses-hi.md (#10752)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-hi.md

* [Complete Java Programming in Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmRclvVt5DtnqhXTJwd-oqVRwO3bLZCGV) - Anand Kumar, CodeitUp
* [Core Java Programming (Hindi)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbGui_ZYuhij8Oplrvjt_RlDliZQgdxoV) - Rajesh Kumar, Geeky Shows
* [Java + DS + Algorithms](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLKKfKV1b9e8ps6dD3QA5KFfHdiWj9cB1s) - Apni Kaksha (Anuj)

> * [Java + DSA + Interview Preparation Course](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9gnSGHSqcnr_DxHsP7AW9ftq0AtAyYqJ&si=zdlntm5D0ukLvUwA) - Kunal Kushwaha

Reviewer: Move it to 'courses/free-courses-en.md', remove the tracking parameter `&si` and add `www.` to the link.

#### jQuery

* [jQuery Tutorial for beginners in Hindi 2020](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-6FWL4WVVWXmWe_HnPG0rBQmmJfGsTKS) - CSEtutorials

> * [jQuery Tutorial for beginners](https://youtu.be/YFlx1C8XwR0?si=EUxv49jO_iZ3EcWX) - CodeWithHarry

Reviewer: We prefer 'playlist' links for YouTube contributions and provide complete links; shortened links are not accepted.

* [Redux toolkit crash course &#124; Chai aur React Series](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1i04-A7kfFI) - Hitesh Choudhary (Chai aur Code)
* [Redux Toolkit tutorial in Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLwGdqUZWnOp2nz2T6SfWX9t6D6SYn3XlN) - Vinod Bahadur Thapa (Thapa Technical)

> * [Redux tutorial in Hindi](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8p2I9GklV47TDYUq8RmFzeI9CgOoVgpJ&si=p-4s6qJ31ReIbKqj) - Code Step by Step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Redux tutorial in Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8p2I9GklV47TDYUq8RmFzeI9CgOoVgpJ) - Code Step by Step
```
